[mysterious music playing]
[exhales]
- [intense action music playing]
- [grunting]
[Mihawk] Weak as you ever were.
[grunts]
[inhales deeply]
[exhales]
[flamenco music playing]
The distance between us remains chasmic.
Keep up like this,
and you'll never reach me.
[grunting]
[intense action music playing]
The waters of the Grand Line are
indeed too treacherous for a little frog.
Fish, fish.
- [mouthing]
- [Usopp] Big fish!
Oh! She's huge!
Get up here! [screams]
[gasps]
Hoo!
She's biting! Oh man, this a monster!
It might be a whale!
Come on. Come on.
Whoo!
Oh. Whoo!
Woo-hoo!
No beast is a match for Captain Usopp!
[swanky music playing]
Ooh! See, this is what I'm talking about.
Fish in the Grand Line are like
nothing you'd see in the East Blue.
[Mr. 9] Spare me the indignity.
I've been captured by a crew so provincial
they're impressed by a fish.
We should gag him.
[thunder rumbles]
[Nami] This weather is crazy!
It was warm and sunny a minute ago,
and now it's pouring rain.
No wonder the Grand Line
is so hard to navigate.
- [Sanji chuckles]
- Even the weather amazes you people.
Ah.
There's a special relationship
between a chef and his knives.
Using them requires technique,
talent,
and style.
That's the difference between us.
You cut things that are already dead.
I already said the difference between us.
Technique, talent, and style.
This weather defies all logic.
The rain cleared up,
and now there's a blizzard.
A blizzard!
The Grand Line is insane.
[door closes]
Who wants to make a snowman?
[Sanji] A snowman?
I'm making sorbet!
[Mr. 9 laughs]
What's so funny?
So this is what has become
of the great Roronoa Zoro.
I can't believe
Baroque Works tried to recruit you.
So you need a refresher
on what I did to Mr. 7, huh?
[Mr. 9] Ooh.
You think you can beat me?
The cook beat you.
So yeah, not really a question.
You talk a hearty game
when your opponent can't fight back.
Untie me, and let's see
how skilled you really are.
Nice try.
What's your name?
Miss Wednesday.
- That's a funny name.
- It's a code name.
Oh.
Well…
[sighs]
Do you like being an assassin?
Adore it.
Hmm.
Why does your partner wear a crown?
Childhood trauma.
Okay. Hmm.
Do you want something to eat?
Uh…
- What are you offering?
- Dried squid.
Not mine though.
- I'll get you some.
- [scoffs]
No.
Now, if you're done with
this inane excuse for an interrogation,
I'd like to resume planning my escape.
[Luffy sighs]
I'm not interrogating you.
I'm trying to get to know you.
I'm a Baroque Works frontier agent.
That's all you need to know.
Okay.
[Nami] You see what I mean?
One minute, it's freezing, and the next,
it's like the first day of spring.
The Grand Line
sure lives up to its reputation.
[Usopp] My snow queen!
My masterpiece.
Luffy, look out behind you!
How did she get free?
Your fearlessly incompetent leader.
Luffy, you do know what an assassin is,
don't you?
I do.
I just don't think she wants to hurt us.
Right. And her attacking me was what?
Jealousy of my looks?
[scoffs] You wish.
My gut tells me we can trust her.
And I always trust my gut.
[Mr. 9 chuckles]
Is there something you want to say?
Unlike your insolent crew,
I respect your judgment.
So, can you free me too?
You can't seriously be considering that.
Luffy, it is fine if you trust your gut,
but maybe we keep the assassins tied up
until we figure out
exactly what your gut is telling you?
- Or we can forget we ever met one another.
- Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
And you can just let us go
on that island over there.
[Luffy chuckles]
What?!
It's our very first island
in the Grand Line.
Are those cacti? They're huge.
I don't know,
but that's definitely a town down there.
Thanks for the ride, idiots.
Bye-bye, baby.
Ooh! Ooh!
[water splashes]
[scoffs]
[Usopp gasps]
Oh no.
Well, that's one way
to take care of the problem.
[adventurous music playing]
[foreboding music playing]
[bell tolling]
- [laughs]
- [overlapping chatter]
He seems friendly.
Howdy there.
[upbeat music playing]
Is it me, or is everybody happy to see us?
That's definitely different.
Hi.
Well, they say things are different
in the Grand Line.
Maybe they love pirates here.
I said different, not backwards.
[man] Did I hear you say
that you're pirates?
[Usopp] Luffy, play it cool.
Yeah.
My name is Monkey D. Luffy,
and I'm gonna be King of the Pirates.
Mmm…
[chuckles]
Oh!
Wonderful news!
Here in Whisky Peak,
we simply adore pirates.
Ah! Told ya!
[man and Luffy chuckle]
[man clears throat]
♪ Ma, ma, ma ♪
My name is Igaram,
and I'm the mayor of this humble town.
I would like to extend to you all
our warmest welcome.
I'm sorry. Did you say you love pirates?
Why, of course.
Everyone knows
no one loves tales of adventure
like the people of Whisky Peak.
That and we're one of the first stops
on the Grand Line,
so we found that welcoming pirates
is a lot easier than fighting them.
Actually, that makes sense.
Sister, how blessed are we that we have
yet another pirate crew to entertain.
Well, I hope they're as much fun
as those Tulip Pirates last night.
I promise you, we're way more fun.
Oh. Hmm. [chuckles]
Uh, excuse me.
Are the Tulip Pirates still here?
[Igaram] Oh no. No, no, no.
They came, they partied,
and they continued on,
as most pirate crews do.
Do you also like assassins?
[mysterious music playing]
Why would you ask that?
Because two assassins escaped our ship
and might wash up on this island.
- Guy with a crown, woman with blue hair.
- And you're sure they headed here?
Thank you.
Thank you for warning us, but don't worry.
Just because we don't like
fighting off ne'er-do-wells
doesn't mean we're not capable.
[Nami] Hmm.
E… e… excuse me.
Uh, how long does it take
for a Log Pose to reset on this island?
Oh, the magnetic field should record
and point you
to the closest island by morning.
So we have to stay the whole night?
Oh, I promise you,
it won't be a night you'll soon forget.
[foreboding music playing]
- Okay, let's have a little fun.
- Awesome!
- [chuckles]
- [bell tolling]
What perfect timing.
That's the dinner bell.
Come. I invite you to come and enjoy
the finest Whisky Peak has to offer.
But… but there is a catch.
I insist that you tell us
about your tales of adventure.
Oh. [inhales]
That's not gonna be a problem.
[swanky, upbeat music playing]
All of a sudden,
the beast opens its mouth.
I mean, a mouth so big
it could swallow this entire island.
[patrons gasp]
And then, gulp!
We disappeared into its stomach.
[patrons] Ah.
And then, I had to fight a zombie
to save Sanji's life.
- That's not how it went down.
- That's exactly how it happened.
But then, our captain had a genius idea.
I sang a song and the whale understood,
so he opened his mouth
and gave me back my crew.
[cheering]
♪ Ma, ma, ma ♪
Mmm. A fellow music lover, I see.
Sure am.
You know, I'm still looking
for a musician for our crew.
Yes, a most tempting proposition.
But my responsibilities
lie elsewhere, I'm afraid.
- How about we go for another round?
- Yes, great idea. Another round.
Everyone,
we've come a long way from the East Blue.
Now, we may not know what the rest
of the Grand Line has in store for us,
but we're alive.
And we're together.
So let's celebrate!
[cheering]
Yes!
Yeah!
Yes! Drink! Drink! Drink!
[foreboding music playing]
[Mr. 9 grunts]
[shudders]
I hate wet socks.
[grunts]
And this salt water's
going to do a number on my suit.
Mr. 8 will have our heads for being late.
You know he loathes to be kept waiting.
And I doubt he considers
swallowed by a whale an acceptable excuse.
I'd better find him at once.
[Mr. 9] I'm coming with you.
I can't have you taking all the credit
for our mission.
Or shifting all the blame.
Don't worry.
It wasn't our fault.
I'll tell him you had my back.
- You will?
- [Miss Wednesday] Of course.
We're partners, aren't we?
Besides, I bet those idiotic pirates
have arrived by now.
Including Roronoa Zoro.
I'll make the report.
You tie up loose ends.
Then we'll really be
in Mr. 8's good books.
[upbeat piano music playing]
[waitress] Here we are.
Mmm. You mean that was just the appetizer?
[indistinct chatter]
- You ready to give up yet?
- I'm not even close to drunk.
Yeah, you definitely don't sound it.
Another… [hiccups]
…round.
[patrons chanting] Usopp! Usopp! Usopp!
[cheering]
You know, it's crazy.
I've never even played darts before. Hoo!
[patrons cheering]
I must be
some kind of darts savant! [laughs]
- Give me another.
- [Sanji] It's all on me.
[Zoro] Hey, Chore Boy.
[Sanji] This is good. Try this.
You're looking a bit dry over there.
You want a drink?
Shots?
For you,
the key to a good cocktail
is balance.
Because all of this
means absolutely nothing
if the drink tastes terrible.
But, lucky for you guys,
nobody
is more balanced.
And I call this…
[giggles softly]
…the finest view
in the Grand Line.
[applause]
[chuckles softly]
[snoring]
Don't you feel bad cheating a nun?
There was no cheating.
I outdrank her fair and square.
[sighs]
Now that that fun is over,
I wanna sketch the island.
[gasps] I bet there's a great view
from on top of those cactus mountains.
[nun gags]
Those?
No need to worry yourself with those.
Why not?
They're dangerous.
No reason to go up there. [chuckles]
Um…
Okay, well, now
I'm absolutely going up there.
Yeah, I figured you'd say that.
Sounds like they're hiding something.
Hopefully, it's treasure.
[nun] No!
That money is from the collection plate.
What am I going to tell the congregation?
[Nami] Mmm.
That is your cross to bear, Sister.
[nun groans]
[Usopp] Uh…
[indistinct chatter]
[Luffy sighs]
Look at us, man.
We put together an amazing crew,
made it to the Grand Line,
and now we're one step closer
to our dreams.
What's wrong?
You hungry?
Mihawk.
Hawk Eyes.
I still have a long way to go
to get to his level.
That's what the journey's all about.
You're gonna fight so many tough guys
that by the time you meet him again,
you'll be ready.
I can feel it in my gut.
The same gut that told you
to let that assassin chick go free?
Hey, we still don't know if I was wrong.
[stomach rumbles]
What's it saying now?
That was a dessert grumble.
[Zoro] Hmm.
I think I saw a bakery
on our way into town.
Boom!
So, you two lovely ladies
are sisters, yeah?
- Twins.
Great. And what, uh, can I make for you?
A little desert daiquiri?
East Blue swizzle, perhaps?
Well, we prefer our drinks…
Straight up.
I think I can accommodate that.
Oh, no. We don't drink that swill.
They keep the best bottles
in the lounge upstairs.
Oh, they do?
You seem like a man of discerning taste.
I am. I really, really am.
Well, then perhaps you'd like to…
Sample some?
Uh… uh…
I would like nothing more.
[Usopp laughs]
Bring your friend.
I know we just met,
but it feels like I know you guys.
I will.
[patrons] Oh!
[Usopp laughs]
You're coming with me.
Yeah, no, I'm good here, buddy.
Usopp, when two gorgeous women
ask you to taste their finest,
you taste it.
Well, it… it would be rude not to.
[Sanji] Mm-hmm.
[Luffy] Mmm.
So…
Mmm.
Mmm! Mmm!
Yeah. Mm-hmm.
Apple pie is my favorite.
Mmm.
But… the rhubarb…
Mmm!
Yeah. Nah.
Rhubarb's best.
Although…
Mmm…
[Igaram] I'm partial
to the boysenberry myself.
Equal parts tart and sweet.
Um…
Uh, I'm gonna pay for all of this.
Oh no, please. [chuckles]
No, please. No need for that.
Wow. [chuckles]
You guys are really nice to pirates.
Well, I'd be lying
if I said it wasn't a bit self-serving.
Still, most towns want to kill pirates,
so… thank you for not doing that.
Well, I'm sad to report
that not everyone on the Grand Line
feels the same way that we do.
Oh, no.
Especially for a pirate
with a bounty as high as yours.
You know about my bounty?
Why, of course.
As the first stop on the Grand Line,
we hear all about the happenings
of the various Blues.
Now, if you don't mind me asking,
how does a pirate of such a young age
acquire a bounty of that magnitude?
[sighs] Well,
there was this Marine that we took down.
Then this really evil butler.
And then this fishman
holding Nami's entire village hostage.
Sounds like you… help people.
I do?
If I can offer one word of advice,
careful who you trust.
The Grand Line is a dangerous place.
[Luffy] Mmm.
My gut is not just for pies.
It tells me who to trust. Like you.
I can tell you're a good person.
Or that assassin lady.
- Miss Wednesday.
- Yeah.
Yeah, that's her name.
[footsteps approaching]
[Igaram] I did warn you.
Be careful who you trust.
- [chilling saxophone music playing]
- [skull screaming]
Enchanting Vertigo Dance.
[distorted] Enchanting Vertigo Dance.
[chuckles]
[Miss Wednesday panting]
[Luffy snoring]
I was beginning to worry.
The mission was a success.
[mysterious music playing]
[whistling]
[whistling continues]
[man sighs]
[flies buzzing]
The Tulip Pirates.
[man] You weren't supposed to see that.
[groans]
I should have known
this town was too good to be true.
You don't love pirates. You kill them.
We allow them to be who they really are.
Drunken, lecherous rogues.
And then we take advantage of that.
But we're not completely heartless.
We always give them
a proper burial
when we're done with them.
Don't worry, girlie. [chuckles]
We'll take care of you too.
[grunting]
[sighs]
[urinating]
[suspenseful music playing]
The least you could do
is buy me a drink first.
[pulls zipper]
[tense action music playing]
[grunting]
Zoro, this place is a… trap.
[sighs]
Yeah, I kind of got that.
I thought you were drunk.
So did they.
Where are the others?
Gotta get out of here.
Luffy went to find a bakery.
Usopp and the cook are still inside.
Okay. You get them. I'll find Luffy.
We'll meet back at the Merry.
Watch out in there.
I'll be careful.
[grunting]
[clamoring]
Gonna need more than two to take me down.
[grunts]
[grunting]
[slow clapping]
Quite an entrance.
Unfortunately, what you failed
to understand is--
You're all Baroque Works.
And this whole town is a ruse
to get pirates drunk and kill them?
[chuckles]
We also steal their loot.
For your costume budget?
For Baroque Works!
[crowd cheers and whistles]
The man before you
felled our dearly departed Mr. 7.
A stroke of dumb luck, no doubt.
But I have it on good authority
that whoever kills Roronoa Zoro
will be fast-tracked to frontier agent!
[crowd cheers]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Mr. 9] There are a hundred of us
and only one of you.
I like our odds.
[men grunt]
This will be a great workout
for my new swords.
Now!
[all yelling]
[grunting]
[tense action music playing]
[thud]
[grunting]
[Zoro] Hmm.
- Good sword.
- [Mr. 9] Come on!
[yells]
[grunting]
[grunts]
- [man yells]
- [man 2 grunts]
[yells]
[grunting]
Please!
- I'm a woman of the cloth.
- How many nuns does a fake town need?
[Zoro grunts]
[both grunt]
[grunts]
[nun screams]
I do hope you've saved your strength.
One hundred agents
and, by my count,
you've only taken out 40.
[soft flamenco music playing]
You'll never surpass me and Yoru
if you don't learn to use your new blades.
I'll shatter them like I did before.
[men yell]
Forty-four.
[tense action music playing]
[grunting]
Fifty.
[men yelling]
[grunting]
Sixty-three.
[Igaram] You should've taken this
straight to your father.
[Miss Wednesday] We started this.
We'll finish it together.
We need to find a way off this island.
Those pirates have a ship.
Mr. 9 will keep them occupied.
[Igaram] You want us
to steal their vessel?
[Miss Wednesday] What choice do we have?
Getting home is all that matters.
You.
I thought you were a good guy,
but you're in cahoots with her.
And you!
I thought you were good too.
But I won't let you
steal our ship! [grunts]
- We don't have time for this!
- [Luffy yells, grunts]
[Miss Wednesday gasps]
[Luffy] Huh?
[suspenseful music playing]
[grunts]
[Luffy] Hey! Get back here!
Aah!
Someone ought to knock that crown
off your head.
I feel like that someone's me.
What the hell are you doing? Kill him!
[tense action music playing]
[grunting]
Seventy-two.
[music fades]
[bones crack]
[chuckles]
[yells]
[grunting]
[tense action music playing]
[grunts]
[grunting]
[Usopp gasps]
Zoro!
Help us.
[grunting]
Ah.
Seventy-seven.
[screams]
- [gasps]
- Ooh.
[grunting]
Seventy-eight.
[grunts]
Get the ship ready to sail.
We'll meet you onboard.
Hey, mosshead! Are you gonna free us?
You're good with a knife, right?
- [Usopp] I'm getting it. I'm getting it.
- [Sanji] Stop! I got it!
[yells]
[grunts]
[grunting]
[groans]
[yells]
[grunting]
[screams]
[tense action music continues]
[grunting]
Aah!
Eighty-five.
[suspenseful music playing]
What are you waiting for? A formal invite?
[tense action music continues]
[grunting]
[man groans]
Ninety-two.
[suspenseful music playing]
Aah!
[grunting]
Nami!
Luffy?
[grunts]
- [grunts]
- [all scream]
[Luffy coughing]
[Miss Wednesday and Igaram grunting]
[Igaram coughs]
- [Luffy] They're both Baroque Works.
- This entire town is Baroque Works.
There's more going on here
than you could possibly know.
We know your powder-wigged friend
led us into a trap.
And you're trying to steal the Merry.
They're trying to steal the Merry.
Look, I'm sorry it has to be this way.
We're only doing what we must.
[grunts softly]
[mysterious music playing]
- I…
- [woman laughing]
Look who we have here, Mr. 5.
A couple of walking corpses,
Miss Valentine.
[skulls screaming]
If Mr. Zero sent you,
you can tell him we don't need backup.
Oh, baby girl.
Mr. Zero sent us,
but we're not your backup.
Did you think
we wouldn't find out who you really are?
Hey, I've been honest
about being a pirate.
Someone's been poking their nose
into our organization's secrets.
Luffy, I don't think they're after us.
Bomb Bomb Fruit!
Nose Fancy Cannon!
- [Igaram] Run!
- [Nami gasps]
That guy has booger bombs?
[Nami pants] Where did the other one go?
Miss Valentine's Kilo Kilo powers
allow her
to change her body weight at will,
which means…
- [wind whistling]
- [Miss Valentine chuckles]
[Nami] Oh shit.
- [grunts]
- Go, go, go, go. This way! This way!
It's more fun when they run.
[suspenseful music playing]
[whistling in background]
[whistling continues]
[sighs]
Just give up.
You bested a bunch of peons.
Now you must face my elite guards.
[sighs]
[foreboding music playing]
[Mr. 9] Attack!
[guards yell]
[mystical whirring]
[suspenseful music playing]
Time to take that crown.
[yells]
[tense action music playing]
[laughs]
[grunting]
[whimpers]
[woman] Time to repent.
[hymnal music playing in Latin]
[Mr. 9 chuckles]
♪ Amen ♪
[skull screams]
[Miss Monday grunting]
[panting]
Home Run Hide-a-Bat!
[cackles]
- [Zoro grunts]
- [laughs]
[Zoro grunting]
[Miss Monday grunts]
[grunts]
[Mr. 5] Come on out.
All we want is a civil conversation.
We promise it'll only hurt…
a little. [chuckles]
[imitates kissing]
- [Luffy huffs]
- [Nami] Luffy!
- [whispering] What?
- No.
[Mr. 5] It's a damn shame, Miss Valentine.
Mr. Zero thought
she showed a lot of promise.
But I guess
she never really was one of us.
Were ya, Miss Wednesday?
Or should we call you, "Your Highness"?
[gasps]
[suspenseful music swelling]
Move!
Hear that?
Those are officer agents down there.
Even higher than me.
Which means your friends
are as good as dead.
[sighs]
Some crew you all turned out to be.
Can't even make it
past your first island in the Grand Line.
[laughs]
[exhales sharply]
[tense action music playing]
[Mr. 9 screams]
[Miss Monday grunts]
[grunts]
Ninety-eight.
Ninety-nine.
[grunts]
[groans]
[exhales sharply]
A hundred.
[mysterious music playing]
Don't be too proud of yourself.
It's a start.
Barely.
[Nami] Are you okay, Luffy?
[Luffy] Where are they?
[Igaram] Get to the shore.
[Nami] With those two out there?
It's suicide.
Now's a great time for you
to explain yourself, Your Highness.
Igaram and I went undercover
in Baroque Works to bring them down.
That's why they're after us.
And why are we supposed
to believe that story?
It doesn't matter if you believe us.
If we don't get out of here,
we're all dead.
[Igaram grunts]
Oh.
[somber music playing]
- What's up?
- Nah, it's nothing.
Oh no.
[Igaram] Yeah.
- [Miss Wednesday] Oh. Oh.
- [grunting]
- Oh, oh, oh.
- [Igaram groans]
[coughs]
Listen. Listen to me.
I won't make it to the ship.
- But you must.
- No.
We've been through too much.
This is not how it ends.
[grunts]
[weeping]
I am Igaram,
Captain of the Alabasta Royal Guard.
You must take my princess to safety.
The future of our country depends on it.
I give you my word.
Luffy, how can you promise that?
We don't know
what kind of danger they're involved in.
Nami.
One billion berry.
- What?
- Our fee for saving your princess, Chief.
- [Zoro] Always negotiating.
- Zoro!
- What the hell's going on here?
- Catch you up later.
Got a job. We need to get her out of here.
Don't drag me
into one of your money-making schemes.
Listen, I'll hold them off as long as
you need to get to the ship and cast off.
- We'll help you.
- No, no, no. Her safety is the priority.
The only way to ensure that
is for you three to take her,
get to your vessel,
and leave this place immediately.
I can't do this without you.
[Igaram] Nonsense.
Listen to me.
You're the only one
that can save our kingdom now.
Now, I'm gonna give you cover,
then you run.
- You must remember…
- Don't worry.
We will protect her.
[Miss Wednesday weeps]
[Igaram] Now go.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Mr. 5] You can surrender if you want.
Won't make a difference.
You're dying right here,
in your little fake town.
You know Baroque Works policy.
No traitors left alive.
[Mr. 5 laughs]
What's with the tie, Mr. 8?
Not exactly drippy.
Want to look good to meet your maker?
Not quite.
♪ Ma, ma, ma! ♪
Aah!
♪ Yeah! ♪
♪ Ah ♪
Where is everyone?
Come on. We gotta get after 'em.
There you are. What the hell is going on?
Cast off. Now.
[Usopp] Whoa! What's she doing here?
[Nami] I'll explain later.
We need to leave.
[music fades out]
[wind whistling]
- Hello.
- [Igaram grunts]
Is that all you've got?
[Mr. 5] Enough fooling around.
Time to dispose of this joker.
[mysterious music playing]
[inaudible]
It's okay.
[Miss Wednesday sobbing]
We've got you.
[music fades out]
Gross.
And embarrassing.
One hundred agents down.
One hell of a mess.
[liquid splashes]
Well, lookee here.
- We've got a live one.
- [coughs]
[Mr. 5] Well,
looks like you got your ass beat.
The woman you knew as Miss Wednesday
is a spy and a traitor.
Turns out she was
Alabasta's missing princess all along.
Help us find her.
And you get your revenge.
And why should I tell you anything?
Because the full wrath of Baroque Works
is about to rain down
on her pretty little head.
If you don't help us,
the same thing will happen to you.
Hmm.
She may be a traitor,
but she's still my partner.
I'll never betray her.
[Miss Valentine] Hmm.
I seriously can't imagine
anything more demented.
Because you're kind of cute,
I'll give you one last chance.
Now, if you don't talk…
I'm going to take
my incredibly stylish little shoe
and bring it down
on that smug little face.
[Mr. 9 chuckles]
And you better believe
I will enjoy every second of it.
So, what do you say?
[laughs]
[sighs]
I say
Mr. Zero sent you both to stop my partner,
but she got away,
which means you failed.
And we all know
Mr. Zero doesn't tolerate failure.
I bet he's dispatching the Unluckies
as we speak.
Ah.
So you can kill me if you want.
But you're both already dead.
- [Mr. 5 grunts]
- [Mr. 9 laughs]
Bye-bye, baby.
Buh-bye.
[Sanji] Look, I thought
we had a real connection
before she pulled the knife out.
I think I'm never following you
anywhere ever again.
You can say whatever you want.
She was interested.
Yes. In stabbing you.
[Zoro clears throat]
So,
you got your fight?
I did.
Did you figure out
what your gut was telling you about her?
She needed help.
[mysterious music playing]
I won't let you down.
My name is Nefertari Vivi,
Princess of Alabasta.
Baroque Works has been sowing dissent
between my father and our citizens,
putting my country
on the verge of civil war.
To what end?
I do not know.
Igaram and I discovered the one thing
that may put an end to Baroque Works's
machinations and save my kingdom,
the true identity of their leader,
Mr. Zero.
I must get this information to my father,
the king, immediately.
[Nami] More weird weather?
No.
- This is--
- [woman] Quite the ship you have here.
[foreboding music playing]
[gasps]
["Whisky Peak Saloon" playing]
♪ Whisky Peak Saloon ♪
♪ Whisky Peak ♪
♪ Whisky Peak, Whisky Peak ♪
♪ Whisky Peak Saloon ♪
♪ Whisky Peak ♪